Last Tuesday I went to see Yes for the third time this tour, now Antwerpen, Belgium.

I will spent one more paragraph and Lichtenvoorde and after that I'll shut up:
I think it's a shame I have to go to Belgium to see Yes again. They should have at least
done one show in the beautiful Heineken Hall where they were in 2001, I think they would
have been amazed by the enthousiasm of there real fans. Instead of that we only got 
a jolly feast at Willow's farm at the end of the world.

Anyway, the venue was a very small theater (about 2000 seats) but everything was very much in style.
You can leave it to our lower neighbours to make nice venues like this one.

The show started a bit late so I had a good chance to look around. My seat, first row at Wakeman
didn't seem to be as good as expected, I was sitting a bit aside, more on that later.

The set before the pause had a lot of energy and, again, everyone was enjoying it very much.
That is the band and the audience. Something really went wrong in the middle of Turn Of The Century,
but you may not believe it, but I loved it very much! They were searching for clues from each other,
everyone tried, there was a fantastic symphonic sound going on, but alas they failed to find each other
before the well known clue. Magical after all. The first set of this tour (well, after "People") I 
think is very good, very balanced between rock, ethereal, atmosphere, just plain fantastic.
Wakeman had big trouble at YIND and since I was sitting at two metres I could see he was VERY angry. 
(Tried to relax him but he didn't notice me :} )

After the break (I later heard it was 1-0 for the GErmans against Holland at the European soccer event)
they did the fantastic acoustic set, which BTW was a copy of Dusseldorfs' (including Wakeman's Tokyo joke :} )
Highlight here was Wonderous Stories, boy these boys can play!

Let's forget Rhythm of Love, and go the magic of AYAI - great as allways, but this time, there was MORE!
In the second set, Wakeman's Monitor was adjusted and I got to hear all of what he normally hears.
In Dusseldorf we wondered ourselves sometimes what Wakey is doing in Yes, as his tasks are not as great
compared to his solo performances, but bow I know why. Rick's completely in trance during playing, singing
along, but especially he's doing wonderful things on his keyboards. He maestro at the mix, maybe you should
consider putting him much louder, the carpets he lays are extremely wonderful. I don't think he plays the same any
night, in fact he's improvising a lot I think.

The highlight on this was Ritual. This was the first time with Wakeman since 74 (I didn't see them there)
and boy, what he's doing on this is just plain great. Loved every note of it. It in fact became a fantastic ritual,
with chants, drums, timpani's. Alan even had 6 bowls around him in which you can cook a meal or a 

